Deprecate `get_gradient_fn` (#7323)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Deprecations 👋</h3>

> * The method ``qml.QNode.get_gradient_fn`` is deprecated because no longer needed. Instead, use ``qml.workflow.get_best_diff_method`` to get the gradient function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The method `qml.QNode.get_gradient_fn` is deprecated because no longer needed. Instead, use `qml.workflow.get_best_diff_method` to get the gradient function.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `qml.QNode.get_gradient_fn` method is now deprecated. Instead, use :func:`~.workflow.get_best_diff_method` to obtain the differentiation method.
```

<h3>Deprecations 👋</h3>

> * The method `qml.QNode.get_gradient_fn` is deprecated because no longer needed. Instead, use `qml.workflow.get_best_diff_method` to get the gradient function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The :func:`qml.QNode.get_gradient_fn` method is now deprecated. Instead, use :func:`~.workflow.get_best_diff_method` to obtain the differentiation method.
```
